# git_it_done-project6-final

## CSE TA Application Project

#### How to Set-up & Run:
- To View Heroku Deployment:  https://gititdone-fp.herokuapp.com/

- To Run Locally:
1. Extract the project, resulting in "git_it_done_project6-final-release"
2. $cd git_it_done_project6-final-release
4. You may have to run "$bundle install" in order to install the devise gem.
5. $rails server
6. Navigate to a web browser and go to the url "localhost:3000" or whatever link the rails server command returns.
7. You should be at the home page. You can create various accounts. Currently, there is no way to authenticate admins so all new users are students. Thus, we recommend that you use the following credentials:
        
        Professor Email: prof@osu.edu
        Professor Password: prof3901
        
        Student Email: student@osu.edu
        Student Password: student
7. The rest of the interface can be navigated. Students can show interest for certain courses. Professors can send recommendations.

#### Job Breakdown:
- Joseph Dandrea - Worked on the homepage and interface for administrators.
- Bianca Dizon - Worked on the course list for administrators. Courses can be added, removed, and edited.
- Annie Kempton - Set up the rails structure and worked on the student homepage. Worked on deployment of the application to Heroku.
- Sujan Kakumanu - Worked on the login system and recommendation submission form. Also created page for admins to view submitted reviews.
- Ben Hus - Worked on the student TA application. 

#### Description of Files:
- /controllers/courses_controller.rb - Contains actions for the course pages. This includes new, index, show, index, update, and destroy.
- /models/course.rb - Contains validations to validate incoming data from the new course page and edit course page. Makes sure section  number is unique and the course forms are filled.
- /views/index.html.erb - Page containing the a list of the courses with edit and delete capabilites for administrators. 
- /views/new.html.erb - Contains the form for adding a new course with section number, semester, instructor, and grader availability.
- /views/edit.html.erb - Contains the form for editing courses already included in course list.
- /views/show.html.erb - Page containing information about a certain course.
- /views/devise - This is auto generated by the ruby gem 'devise'. This is crucial towards how the application authorizes users. The login and registration pages are stored here.
- /views/student_reviews/ - This directory contains the file for admins to submit reviews of students.
- /views/homepage - renders when the website is loaded. Shows the options for creating an account or logging in.
- /models/concerns/user.rb - Auto generated by devise to model user data.
- /models/concerns/review.rb - Necessary for the student recommendation form.


